welcome to the man of recaps entourage
is a show about movie star Vincent chase
and his three best friends from back
home who basically wander around LA
trying to get laid
Erik goes by E is the series when he's
Vince's sort of manager Johnny dramas
Vince's older brother he used to be a TV
actor but he's washed up so now he cooks
breakfast turtle doesn't do much he's
the driver and he smokes a lot of pot
super agent Ari Gold wants him to read
the next script but the guys have a pool
party instead where he almost took sup
with the girl but he's not over his ex
Kristen turtle however has no problem
taking Vince's leftovers descriptors for
a random movie called Matterhorn Ben
still doesn't want to read it so instead
they buy a guard dog and stick it on
turtle ari starts out not liking me
because he's not really in the business
he calls a pizza boy because he used to
manage to Sbarro's but Vince trust him
admits it's like should I do this movie
and he's like nah the script sucks so
Vince is like let's not do it the boys
roll in to Ari's office and then meet a
superhot pop star who's famous for being
a virgin and Ari has a new assistant
Emily who they tried to set up with E
they buy a Bentley which is awesome and
they run into Jessica Alba who invites
them back to her house for a party and
it's flirts with the pop star she really
is a virgin in Vince's role he's never
anyone's first nor is he anyone's last
so they don't hook up this is doing
Jimmy Kimmel but drama has some sort of
drama with Jimmy Kimmel evokes up with
his ex Kristen but she assures him that
his breakup sex since bangs the other
guest and brings up drama's beef but
apparently there was no real beef a
drama plugs a home theater guy so that
they can get a sick home theater it's
Vince's movies opening night so Emily
asked C to be his date dramas currently
dating the super buff chick Vince got a
nude pic in his fan mail so turtle
decides to ask her they all go bowling
Turtles chick is a lot of fun but when
she sees Vince is taking she ditches
turtle for some others left yet Emily
have their first kiss Vince really likes
this pop star but still refuses to be as
first but don't worry he still gets laid
because he meets another hot chick
immediately this one's a fitness nut and
she's staying over way too often which
is against house rules but there are
some benefits to her being around this
butt belongs to douche bag agent Josh
Weinstein and he's got a script for
Vince Queens Boulevard which is perfect
cause Vince is in New York only problem
is the producer hates Vince knew how all
of LA is running out of pot but Vince's
girl has a hookup her guru has a bunch
and so Vince takes a meeting with the
producer he does hate him but Vince it's
like yo I got pot so they smoke up and
he gets the part no dramas getting an
agent but they give him a lowly guy Adam
Davies because dramas career is going
nowhere they go to Gary Busey's art show
or turtle knocks over sculpture and then
Josh Weinstein invites them to a party
at his house where a Busey gets his
revenge and once he tries to poach them
he and Emily break up because business
gets in the way and then Ari shows up
and he lays the smackdown on Weinstein
to do Queens Boulevard Vince has to get
approved by the director Billy Walsh
who's a creative genius but also insane
he did some rewrites on the script which
now involves Vince getting a [ __ ]
from a guy and he refuses to change it
for artistic integrity
meanwhile he gets a call from Kristen
apparently he dropped dialed her last
night they watch Billy's other movie
which
really weird and artistic but it is
incredible so they agreed to do the gay
[ __ ] of course he was just kidding he
just did that as a test so all's well he
and Emily are definitely done so he gets
back together with Kristen dramas agent
finds him an audition but this guy's on
the phone the whole time so drama blows
out of there no he wants to be Vince's
official manager instead of only his
sort of manager and Vince doesn't take
it seriously so they have a fight but he
manages to hook Vince up with Scarlett
Johansson so all is well again they fly
to New York to film Queens Boulevard and
then they're back he was faithful to
Kristen the whole three months but now
she has her period so they set up a date
to have sex that weekend ari has a new
assistant the gay agent Lloyd and he's
got their next project lined up Aquaman
Vince doesn't want to do it though they
like Medellin the story of Pablo Escobar
dramas agent tells me needs new
headshots Oh turtle hooks him up with
some free ones then the guys buy a
Maserati and go to a Lakers game
meanwhile Kristen got food poisoning and
Jaime Pressly invites him back to her
party so Vince tries to get Elaine and
he does with a superhot model he feels
bad and wants to confess which all the
guys aren't strongly against and so when
he's hooking up with Kristen she
confesses first she has been seeing
someone else
so he's like good thing I bang that
model they're going to a party at the
Playboy Mansion tonight which dramas
banned from because of an incident
involving the Karate Kid in the monkey
cages it's finally agrees to an Aquaman
meeting but the suit is terrible so it's
a definitive now then they look at a new
house and they decide they like the big
one better the Playboy Mansion is an
incredible place so they try to smuggle
drama in but he gets caught so he has to
hop the fence you have to find him but
luckily he's able to blame the monkey
incident on Pauly Shore they offer Vince
a buttload of money to do Aquaman so he
says yeah let's do it
Donald goes for an audition where he has
to show his calves and he's feeling
insecure so he considers calf implants
turns out James Cameron is gonna direct
Aquaman which could be bad because we
don't know if I want Vince then and
Gordon works at the studio she and are
used to be a thing so she tells them
that they still like Vince and they're
all partying but they hear that Leo
might be playing Aquaman their neighbors
with Bob Saget now in this house full of
super hot chicks which Saget tells them
is a high-end brothel but Vince adduce
is the matron so the girls are on the
house he convinces Emily to have James
Cameron to watch Queens Boulevard
but Billy won't let anyone see it until
it premieres at Sundance this is a
commercial for an Asian energy drink to
make some extra money and he bangs his
hot combat instructor and the commercial
turns out super-sweet Turtles in an xbox
boxing competition but he's knocked out
in the first round by a little kid now
it's time for Sundance
umekes the producer Harvey Weinstein in
the bathroom and their driver is a hot
chick which turtle and drama both
compete for Harvey offers Vince a
surfing movie but only if he had sex
right now it already says yes because
they don't know if the Aquaman deals
gonna come through but Vince changes his
mind and decides to wait for Cameron to
see Queens Boulevard meanwhile the
driver thing that says drama and turtle
to have a threesome Harvey doesn't take
the rejection very well but James
Cameron is there and Queens
guard from years it's excellent but
Cameron left early luckily that's
because it was so good it's all he
needed to see guys are staying and
Jessica Alba's Malibu beach house
because she needs someone to watch her
cats and they have to choose an aqua
girl top of the list is Mandy Moore who
Vince once had a fling with he says it's
no big deal
but apparently he was pretty obsessed
with her Adam Davies gets drama another
edition but he's all the way in Malibu
so he has to rush over there and the
guys on the phone again so he comes out
and bust this guy's windshield turns out
he actually got the part but now he's
going to jail
Vince has dinner with Mandy to prove
things won't be awkward but she has a
fiance now and things will definitely be
awkward the guys go to comic-con which
is dramas time to shine because his one
hit show was the nerd classic Viking
quest this is an ahkam an interview with
Dwight from the office but when he asked
us about his history with Mandy Moore
Ben storms off
Vince is supposed to go to dinner with
Mandy and her fiance tonight but he
storms off from that as well
drama doesn't like his hot co-star from
biking quest because she got a
successful spin-off but turns out she
always had a crush on him so they make
out and give the fans a good show turtle
calls it a favor with some porn star
friends and they convinced white to give
Vince a favorable Aquaman review and
then they go to a u2 concert for no
apparent reason
work on Aquaman is awkward with these
two and then we meet Sloan who is he's
one true love she's the daughter of
Ari's boss Terrance who has been mostly
retired but now he wants back in the
game it's Ari's daughter's Bat Mitzvah
so drama and turtle smoke and fast to
get ready for all the good food but they
missed the food so then they find a kids
birthday party next door to pick out at
Vincent II compete for Sloan and crazily
she chooses E which is fine because many
more shows up and says she dumped her
fiance so she invents are back together
this is bad press because Vince looks
like a homewrecker but Vince doesn't
care in fact it's Maggie's birthday he
wants that painting and Ari gives it to
him because Terrance is trying to sneak
him away however Sloan and I are dating
and Sloan knows that all of are his
paintings in the office are fake so he
returns it and Ari asked to go bring the
real one from his home meanwhile dramas
actually landed a part in a TV movie
starring Brooke Shields but during the
hug scene he pops a boner
so he's fired Mindy loves the painting
and in fact things are too good with her
and Vince because they were having so
much sex they missed an important
Aquaman meeting which Manny's agent
Barbara Miller does not like meanwhile
someone took their Maserati for a
joyride and left their own hip-hop demo
in the car but it's really good so
turtle tracks him down and it's like hey
no hard feelings I'm a music manager now
I want to sign you are he's finding
himself being left out of his own
meetings so he initiates project tsetse
fly where he's gonna jump ship and take
all the best agents with it
unfortunately someone talked its dramas
to douchebag agent Adam Davies so re
goes on Jerry Maguire and takes Lloyd
with him who gives him a good pep talk
and then he drunkenly dances in front of
his wife the guys spot Mandy out with
her ex-fiance and in an unbelievably
retro moment they use their flip phone
camera to take photos of her renting
we at Blockbuster the bad news is she is
getting back with him this is super
heartbroken so he doesn't want to do op
man anymore but when he goes to tell
James Cameron in person James is so
excited about it that he's like okay
I'll take the millions of dollars and
just suck it up
it's the Aquaman premiere the guys are
looking for dates Vince goes on the
radio to find one again but this time he
wants to bring his mom who never flies
out from New York the other guys meet -
good perspectives but they've run out of
tickets already so they steal from James
Woods who comes to the house to get him
but they give him some fake ones instead
the only way to get Vince's mom though
is if all the other moms come so the
guys walk the red carpets with their
moms Aquaman's looking to be a huge
release but there's rolling blackouts
because it's so hot in California so the
guys get invited to a random high school
party and Vince has an almost famous
moment it turns out Aquaman was the
biggest movie ever it was even bigger
than spider-man their old friend tom has
just gotten out of jail and he causes
friction in the entourage because he
tries to steal Johnny's cooking and
Turtles driving Medina's back the
project was dead but it's now alive and
they need to charm the producer but
someone steals his shrek doll and they
think it's Dom turns out it was so they
give it back and DOM is gone so they've
got met in but it films at the same time
as Aquaman - so they talk to the head of
Warner's and gets him to push it back a
few days but not enough days there's
really not enough time so they figured
out though but then he's like I really
didn't think you could figure it out I
just don't want Aquaman blowing coke and
killing people
Sloan has a friend in town and they have
a threesome with he but he wakes up
cuddling the wrong girl which is a huge
three simple pop Vince will talk Aquaman
until someone finds Johnny a drop so
Lloyd finds him an audition for a show
called five towns then decides that he
basically has to do Aquaman 2 because of
his contract but he refuses to go to
breakfast with the head of orders so
they recast him for Jake Gyllenhaal
things are a little awkward after East
threesome and Vince gets celebrity
auction buddies in the coat room banging
the order of girl but soon Sloan's
friend leaves town in the story lighting
goes nowhere Johnny's got his five towns
audition but he's having a very bad day
so he misses it but he gets the call
from the director they want him anyway
how he's ambushed by heads of the other
agencies they want to shut him down but
barber Miller says hey I'll trade with
you so they form a Miller gold agency
Queens Boulevard is about to be released
but apparently the studio's butchered it
by putting in color so Vince speaks out
and says don't go watch it they take a
random trip to Vegas to judge a stripper
competition Seth Green tells a that he
used to bang sloan's dramas favorite
mezuzahs man which is totally
heterosexual Vince passes the strippers
off to turtle and they lose a lot of
money at blackjack but then they win it
back dramas massage turns less
heterosexual the guys judged his
stripper competition and they get in a
fight with Seth Green
Turtles rapper gets a record deal but he
doesn't show up to the meeting Ari said
co-op has a joke with this old producer
because he doesn't have anything just
tells boring stories they tracked on
Turtles rapper but he actually has
another manager so they hang drama off
the balcony and give turtle a severance
package
Vince picks up a girl at a bookstore and
turns out she's engaged but Vince is on
her celebrity cheat list so it's okay he
actually finds good script for a Ramones
movie with the old guy and so that's
their new project first turtle needs to
buy some sneakers but Vince refuses to
use the celebrity power to cut the line
so they run out dramas filming his first
day on Five Towns but he's got a long
monologue so he's super nervous
he hides in his trailer and decides to
ride one out unfortunately he's Mike so
everyone can hear but it works cuz he
does a great job then Vince hopes turtle
up with some limited-edition sneaks the
old guy is ruining the Ramones meetings
by being old so Ari sends him to the
wrong lot but he gets mad and sells to
Warner Brothers which is the studio that
hates Vince Vince considers firing Ari
but Ari can fix it he talked to Dana
Gordon who tells him they're not even
gonna make the movie they just bought it
so Vince can't do it so Vince tells the
old guy this cuz he just wants the movie
to get made unfortunately Dave he gets
fired and the old guy gives up so
Ramones is dead guys go see other
agencies but they're all terrible so
they come back to Ari but he gives them
the same presentation so they're out and
the dark days begin the new agent a man
who Daniel is a superhot she's got a
great script for them and takes them to
Lakers games just like are used to Ari's
jealous so for Vince's birthday he says
he get Vince meta heaney even though
benissa datura supposed to be doing it
internal subsidizes Vince in birthday
party by getting corporate sponsorship
Vince wants to come on in Sloan's
romantic getaway and he doesn't have the
heart to tell him knows we bloom Salon
Sloan says that she needs to approve
Vince's girl first or he's trying to
sign a gay writer so he brings along
Lloyd is a gay enticement Lloyd is about
to sacrifice his body for the good of
the company but Ari comes to save him so
he slapped the guy and they're out
turtle and drama go to the dog park to
pick up girls which goes extremely well
until the dogs end up fighting the dog
girl tells turtle that his dog the bad
dog that turned was like no no dogs
before hos he's in the doghouse when
Sloan finds out he was blending things
on her so they get their romantic
weekend in Napa and the boys go to Cabo
for spring break
their new agents mad because they're
holding him for meditating so they
decide to read her script again but they
don't get much work done
Vince then tells his agent he thinks
she's super hot which is very
unprofessional but they do bang just one
time to get it out of their systems our
East Front from college used to be a
loser but he's got a hot wife now
because he made millions on stamps comso
ari throws a fit but then he remembers
he has his own millions and hot wife so
he doesn't care dramas doing a
hidden-camera show with Pauly Shore so
when UFC fighter Chuck Liddell cuts him
off in the parking lot he acts tough for
the cameras but the real cameras were
for this Tarou Scott thing so Chuck
Liddell's gonna kill him the guys go to
Chuck Liddell's fight so they can
apologize but Chuck calls drama out in
the audience and gets him up there and
makes him beg for mercy which was the
hidden-camera show all along the guys go
to a horse race and dramas got a sure
thing but of course it loses and so
drama buys the horse senecio drops out
of Medellin and they want Vince but it
has to happen today but it's a Jewish
holiday so they can't use a cell phone
so they go to a temple where the
producer is and he's like no business on
holidays so by the time the Gentiles get
there with the cell phone powers it is
too late maybe ting is dead
this blames many channels but it's not
her fault so she breaks up and dumped
sometimes a client at the same time
Vince is back with Ari but only if he
can revive Madine dramas show reviews
her out and he doesn't want to read them
so he goes for a rub-and-tug but can't
focus so he reads the reviews on their
back turtle fixes up dramas car but he's
distracted by the hot daughter so he
crashes it again and the guys meet with
the producer about met Ian who says
he'll revive it if they do Matterhorn
first which is the movie from season one
business decides forget it I'm just
gonna buy the rights to madina and make
it myself
they bring Johnny his refix tough
carnies depressed so it drives it out to
sleep at the Grand Canyon but
it's a call the show was a huge success
the critics didn't like it but the
ratings were good so finally drama
catches a break such a break actually
he's immediately cast in rush hour for
Vincent the guys go to meet with the
money man who's got a hot wife who keeps
eyeing Vince dramas bragging about how
he's in rush hour four but when he gets
there turns out it was a mistake they
want some other guy turtle goes for a
date with the mecanics daughter but he
comes home to chaperone money man's wife
wants to meet Vince alone to discuss the
movie but Vince brings a chaperone and
she gets mad at the implications drama
refuses to leave rush hour house so they
give him a bit part just to get rid of
him money man says he will finance the
movie but only if Vince has sex with his
wife
Vince declines the offer so the guys
sell their house Johnny lets in a really
cheap apartment and then really
expensive apartment decides to take that
one he's going to move in with his
girlfriend Sloan but she's like are
things getting serious and he's like I
don't know he meet with the other money
man who says he'll do Madine but they
needed directors so they go find Billy
Walsh she was off shooting porn just for
fun he and the money men don't get along
but he decides he'll do it anyway so
after three and a half seasons they're
finally doing medding Medina's going
great until Billy cast his club me and
shaken becomes obsessed with her he
makes the whole movie about her and then
interrogate the whole crew to see if
anyone else is bangin her also he
decides the ending sucks so he blows a
huge part of the budget hiring an
oscar-winning screenwriter to rewrite it
but then decides she just rewriting
himself on the day the guy comes in
everything turned out great but Billy
won't let anyone see the final cut Ari
Sun can't give in the private school
where his daughter goes but it's not his
son's fault it's all his own fault for
being obnoxious
ari hires a detective to follow the
headmaster of the private school but he
can't get any dirt on him so he just
begs and the guy says yeah I'll let your
son in if you give my son a job dramas
hosteen Vince's welcome back party at
his new apartment but he wants to keep
it super clean even lock in the bathroom
but that works out well internal can
give a girl code in exchange for a tip
flash Vince and E finally see Medellin
and Vince Dix is great but he thinks it
actually is terrible dramas got two
girls that want to hook up so Vince
decides to bail and find his own party
which is good because dramas girls
aren't terrible the girls decided to
switch the drama gets stuck with the fat
one but she gives the best rim job in LA
apparently Billy refuses to change
meting from being terrible but there is
a trailer that looks really good and he
manages to sell Matty and just based on
the trailer to Harvey Weinstein but this
backfires turns out Matty even got into
Cannes which means it supposedly is
really good and they can't sell it
before that M night Shyamalan won sorry
to read a script and the guys go party
with the mayor of Beverly Hills because
dramas trying to get his condo annexed
into that zip code he has to bail on
Harvey Winston again but he postpones
because he's scared of him are you got
switched cars at the ballet so he has to
go trade out with this random person to
get his script back drama finds a hot
chick for the mayor but turns out she's
a [ __ ] luckily the mayor doesn't care
good job drama Harvey was kicked out of
the bar which makes telling a lot easier
ari was up all night reading the script
but Emily rewrote the whole thing and
dramas 90210 dreams fall through with
the mayor shows up on TMZ the meting
trailer leaks online and Billy thinks he
did it so they have a fight Johnny sees
a cool hat he likes but they only sell
it at medical marijuana facility and the
guys find a new mountain movie they want
Vince to do but Dana Gordon says they
already got
pleasure doing it are a few minutes is
heats agent that it's a gay role and he
can't be gay twice in a row so Heath
drops out but also the director drops
out so Ari sells Dana Gordon on the baby
dream team of Billy Walsh
but Billy and E are fighting so that
might not be good drama gets his green
card and he gets his cool hat but the
problem with wearing a medical marijuana
has that people expect you to smoke
which he's not great at so he flips out
the turtle coaches him through it and
it's pretty cool Turtles cousins got
insider information that Sandy Koufax
gonna die so they go to a baseball
auction and buy his jersey the guys win
the Jersey but turns out it was his dog
that's dying not him so the guys are at
about 50 grand
Lloyd is upset because his boyfriend
dumped him so Ari goes to see him fights
that Lloyd cheated out of re covers for
him so he's back to work the guys have a
bet to see who can get laid first turn
allure Easter drama takes turtle onto
Craigslist where they find an actual hot
girl the problem is she is aford Vince
takes e to a pool party but he runs into
Sloan which apparently they broke up
during midians and so now it's super
awkward he decides to man up and bang
the model from the pool so he wins the
bet because turtle chickens out but
drama says well we already have the
costume someone may as well do it he
moves into a new office and the boys
want to get him a cool desk with Gary
Busey r he hasn't coolest one on reserve
ari has twin trouble at the office when
these identical twins one begging the
other ones wife unfortunately the bad
one is the one who earns more so he has
to find a good one tragically the good
to it was mary j blige his favorite
agent so ari loses her also Gary Busey
paints drama and that's how they get
their desk he's in the fender bender
with Anna Faris ternal picks up girls
because he's got an extinct strain of
wheat but the cops pull him over and
make him dump it luckily he manages to
salvage it he gives in her right and she
takes him out to dinner he thinks it's a
day but no she wants him to be her
manager Ari's wife is reprising her role
on a soap opera for a reunion episode
that she has to kiss a hot young guy
which Ari does not like a nice four
stage manager and is having a photo
shoot but she's got a real douchebag
boyfriend in long story short they fight
and break up no Billy turned the
mountain movie into a sci-fi epic and
Vince wants to actually do this version
so Ari has to M wish the studio head and
pitch the hell out of this new script
which Dana Gordon gets behind him on so
everything's okay once again Billy wants
to enter Ferris to be in the movie and
he's conflicted because it'd be good for
Vince if Anna was in it but he knows the
scripts bad so he actually tells her to
do it but then he's like no no actually
you shouldn't do it and I have a crush
on you so she dumps him and breaks up
with him at the same time there's a
terror alert so they can't fly to Cannes
they're gonna fly private but they can't
all fit but Kanye West shows up and he's
like I got planning room on my plane
we're all go to France foreign money man
it's a party in the Jackie losted biomed
even without even seeing it but they
want to wait for an offer from a real
studio but their money man doesn't want
to because he blew all of his money on
coke and hookers Viking quest is
actually really popular in France the
drama pulls a hot chick back to his
hotel but they mixed up the reservation
he's got a bad room so he throws a fit
and gets kicked out so Aria has to get a
better offer and ready he'd afford even
from here so he plays Dana Gordon hi
everyone sitting against each other and
she makes an offer unfortunately I had
before me I made an even better offer
and this guy took it without consulting
them drama searching for his girl he
finally finds her at the red carpet and
met Ian premiers but it's actually
really terrible everyone hates it and
this guy's like yeah I'm not paying you
anything drama though has sex on Lapage
Vince's retired New Mexico buddy gets an
offer to do a new movie so he's flies
back in but the directors just using him
as leverage with Adam Davies so nobody
wants Vince anymore he found a cool
firefighter script but Ari says no more
Indies so he's like whatever I'll sign
the writers and I'll take the script to
Amanda Daniels Vince is reunited with
the virgin popstar she's not original
more but she tries to pass him off to
one of her friends Armas been dating the
French chick long distance but he freaks
out when he can't get ahold of her but
she had a really good reason to and she
dumps him meanwhile Vince grabs his
popstar and they finally seal the deal
Ari gets a new Ferrari and ends up in a
street race with Adam Davies which he
loses so he sends Davies a bag of poop
and the cops come but they're actually
hot cops sent by Davies so arias ins
Davies new pictures of his girlfriend
that she sent Ari when she worked in the
mailroom
but Davies finds new pictures of are his
wife on the internet so Ari goes over
there and [ __ ] slaps him to make some
money Vince does an appearance at a
sweet 16 and a drunken drama
barks all over the cake Amanda Daniels
gave the firefighter movie to Ed Norton
who loved it so now that ed Norton's in
ari wants to do it too they take you to
the studio heads and they like the movie
but they don't like Vince Samba goes on
the view and they ambush him about his
ex-girlfriend and he cries on national
television dramas on a depression bender
he ends up going to jail again
Vince decides it's time to humble up and
take a second lead role in a studio
agrees to that except Warner Brothers
who still hates Mintz for Aquaman buys
it out from under them so now they're
totally broke and the only offer Vince
has is for a Benji the dog movie so they
decided to go to Joshua Tree in the
desert and do shrooms to help them
decide Ari's wife's gonna come home from
a trip early but he doesn't want to find
an F that he's doing shrooms in the
desert so he convinces her to stay and
he keep his Lloyd to go to his house and
watch the dog but Lloyd has a big gay
party and Ari ends up getting separated
from the crew but the guys find him
later and their dog Arnold and they
realize that's a sign that they should
do Benji but on the way home there's an
even better sign that they should hold
out for the firefighter movie so Ari's
gonna bet Vince in the movie with the
golf game with the head of Warner's but
the guy's got Phil Mickelson coaching
him differend Damas run into some more
trouble with the law and turtle tries to
be dramas assistant for one day so they
build I'm out and he's got an important
meeting with his only other client but
he's following down closely to make sure
he doesn't skip bail luckily the
meaningless finding his client gets
pilot and Dom has a family so he doesn't
skip bail all right loses in golf but
the studio head is so happy he bid Ari
that he literally dies of a heart attack
Vince is doing a photo shoot with a
really hot model but the photographer
doesn't like how she's flirting with him
so he reassigns her eric is hit on by a
very tall model and she takes him up to
a room but not to bang him to show him
her real so he can represent her Vince
confronts at the table prefer but turns
out he wasn't into the model he's in
events and minutes gets caught from the
model inviting him with the boys to come
on a plane full of models down a
Hawaiian with them where it turns out
the tall one is actually in de speaking
of hand jobs on planes ternal gets
seated next jamie-lynn Sigler who was
famous at the time for being Meadow
Soprano and he tells the guys that she
jerked him off which drama doesn't
believe for a second so he tells several
about it now who's gonna be the new head
of Warner Brothers they offered the job
to Ari but it's a tough decision because
he likes being an agent but next in line
is Amanda Daniels and he's like hey can
we squash the beef and she's like no if
I get it I will never let Vince work
again but Ari manages to pass the job
off to his girl Dana Gordon who's gonna
put Vince in smokejumpers and once again
everything's okay
by the way Jimmy and Saylor did in fact
jerk off turtle and now she's mad so
Vince is filming smokejumpers but this
other actor keeps stealing Lala's lines
and the directors totally fine with it
ari meets with an old friend of his
Andrew Klein they came up together but
Andrew turned into a loser but he's
actually not a loser he's doing a good
job prepping TV writers so Ari offers
him a job so he's other client got his
pilot but they want Seth Green to be in
it and he says he'll only do it if he
gets Sloan to call him meanwhile on set
the directors taken away even more in
Vince's lines because he says Ben sucks
Andrew Klein's back in the big leagues
but first he has to impress artist
partner Barbara but she is not impressed
sorry has to crash the awards ceremony
to convince her Seth Green comes to the
meeting but he's a huge douche still so
he gets punched in the face again one
night Jamie booty calls turtle and so
they have a nice time and she gives him
a good idea for a hot girls driving
limos business then it's time for
Vince's big scene but the director still
hates his acting so they have a big
fight and he tries to fire Vince so they
all have a meeting and the director
storms in to the president of the
company and he doesn't like being
bothered so he just shuts down the whole
movie the guys go back to New York and
stay with their moms and they find out
about a movie shooting nearby so Eric
goes in and tries to convince the
director to look at Vince meanwhile
Johnny Drama buys a bar so he can name
it after himself the director calls back
and says he likes Vince but not for this
movie so Vince is pissed and he and he
have a huge falling out but then Martin
Scorsese calls and wants Vince to do the
Great Gatsby so Vince and E make up and
the boys are back on top Vince learns to
drive because he's doing it Ferrari
movie Floyd wants to be a real agent
story starts hazing him and then he
makes him go on a diet
Eric moves into his own house yes Sloan
to go to the Gatsby premiere with him
and she says yes but just his friends
this other girl that Eric started dating
Ashley does not want to be just friends
she actually shows up to the premiere so
things pretty awkward and Eric's like
Sloan I want to get back together but
she's like no he can't so he decides to
go bang Ashley the boys go driving
Ferraris Vince gives one to turtle for
his birthday turtle gets another Ferrari
from his girlfriend Jamie so he's
feeling useless he wants to start
business but Ari's like you have no
skills these clients pilot tests really
well except for him they want to kick
him off and yes it's Ari for advice on
how to be a super agent so he storms in
there and calls them all racists which
doesn't work no Andrews having an affair
with hot young agent Lizzie grant
Lizzie ends it but when he sees her
flirting with Ross from friends he
freaks out and leaves his wife which
pisses off Ari's wife the guys do a
celebrity golf thing with Mark Wahlberg
and Tom Brady he gets set up with this
miniature guy who offered him a job but
turns out he Sloan's Godfather he's
still not over Sloan even though he's
dating Ashley he calls her slow and once
by mistake which is a big no-no John was
getting a kiss scene in his show but he
can't find a good actress so he
convinced his turtle to let Jamie do it
but a producer comes and starts hitting
on our Soviet accent Ian Ashley are
great until she finds a missed call from
Sloan so she dumps him
he takes a manager job and his coworker
Scott is a huge douche but his
receptionist kate mara is super hot
he's gonna sign Bob Saget the Bob Saget
wants to have sex in his boss's office
and the boss is like yeah I guess that's
fine Andrew Klein is not doing good his
wife's locked him out so he crashes his
car into his house Andrew manages to
sign Aaron Sorkin while in jail so
that's good at least he convinces Sloan
to meet him for a friendly drink but
then Ashley calls and wants to have sex
so he goes and does that instead the
guys have a break-in but nothing was
stolen except their underwear they find
the idea of this creepy guy which is
probably Vincent stalker drama tracks
down the stalker but turtle went back to
school and turns out it was a sorority
prank to steal his underwear because
he's jamie-lynn Sigler's boyfriend
Lloyd gets a call from Adam Davies
offering him a job as a real agent and
because Ari super mean to him he bailed
so dramas characters being written into
a coma but he runs into an ultra deucer
friends of his who wants him for the
Melrose Place reboot john needs his
agent Lloyd to get him out of his five
towns contract but he puts Ariane in as
well and Ari win so he's gonna dump
Lloyd but Lloyd comes up it shows his
loyalty so dramas decides to stick with
it actually doesn't trustee she wants to
read all of his text but then she's like
no I'm being crazy but he decides to
dump her anyway so he finds a new girl
Johnny had this one too though and she
maybe gave him a disease so he goes to
get himself checked out drama goes in
for his audition but he has a heart
attack Ari's old boss Terrance wants to
sell his company Ari suspicious so he
talks to Terrance his ex-wife Miranda
who tells him that Terrance was having
an affair armed with this information
Ari gets a great deal I'm buying out his
old employer Jamie's got a new show but
it films in New Zealand and she's like
long-distance thing never works let's
break up all said turtle by the way
Johnny's heart attack was fake and
Erica's std-free turtle trans banging
the sorority chick but he just can't
because he misses Jaime
he takes loan for a lunch where he says
he wants to get back together she says
no but then he proposes so Ari it's the
company he fires people by shooting them
with paintball guns turtle tries to find
a new zealand's Jaime's like no I mean
we should actually break up and sadly
it's too late for him to get off the
plane he has to sit through the whole
flight drama those into addition again
he does great this time not good enough
to get on this show but the network
wants to work with him on something else
Arion Lloyd makeup so the dynamic duo is
back together and slow and crazily
accepted Eric's proposal even though
they haven't dated in like three years
turtle starts to talk our little
business buddy miss rates the signs with
one of his employees Vince is doing more
movies but they want him to do his own
stunts so he does a car jump and it
gives him a taste for the daredevil life
which he proves by cutting his hair
Turtles card gets declined he blames his
ex-employee he turns out it's not her
fault and Ari's working with the NFL to
sell their rights also Lizzy Caplan is
helping because she knows football and
they do a great job but Ari's wife walks
in and is not like that anyway the NFL
won't sell the rights but they want Ari
to bring an NFL team to LA
Vince meets Eric stool co-worker Scott
who takes him skydiving dramas looking
for a new project he's offered a comedy
but drama only does dramas mince-pies
Adrian Peterson's dinosaur skull and
Scott hooks him up with a new superhero
movie
called Airwalker dramas comedy looks
good and they want John Stamos to be the
other guy but they meet and beats him in
ping-pong which John Stamos doesn't like
turtles limo business fails but his 1x
employee has adventure in Mexico with
Ivo and tequila they want him and Vince
to help promote it drama has a rematch
with Stamos he lets him win this time so
say Moises back on the show Vince starts
dating porn star Sasha Grey and turtle
brings in the tequila which is delicious
except not in the morning before
important business meetings turns out
shameless wants Bob Saget to do the show
with him so dramas a malach know Andrew
Klein ended up in rehab Lizzy wants to
be the head of the TV Department but Ari
says no so she leaves she teams up with
Amanda Daniels they're trying to steal
Ari's clients so he has to go around
doing things like buying puppies for
Jessica Simpson turns out Lizzie
recorded all the horrible things Ari
says in the office and she wants to put
it out there so the world knows he's a
terrible person
Lizzie starts feeling bad about this she
just wants a new job so Ari hooks are up
with Dana Gordon and she gives him back
the tapes unfortunately someone already
leaked the story which blows his chances
of getting an NFL team and his wife is
super pissed at him Ian Sloane try anal
it doesn't go well it's going great for
Vince and Sasha though they love this
tequila turtle finally closes with his
girl but he does a bad job because he
was scared of her clean shaven Bush
Billy Walsh shows up he's sober now and
actually mostly saying they sent him
working on a show for drama and he has a
great idea Johnny's bananas but dramas
too pretty for animation Turtles doing a
great job promoting abiona and he meets
Mark Cuban who decides to invest they
want a second Erica meeting with Vince
because he showed up drunk with the porn
started the first one but he's been in a
wild company for the last week so this
one doesn't go well either they want
Vince to do a drug test but he refuses
and he's got enough clout these days so
they fired the director
and hire one who doesn't mind if he's on
coke Eric's hot new assistant convinces
drama that Johnny Bananas is a good idea
so they can cancel the whole party where
they were gonna convince him to do it
Sasha's doing a new movie and Vince
doesn't want her to so he causes a whole
scene and she has to dump him his
friends are all like Vince we need to
have an intervention but he runs off
Sloan's dad Terrance wants Eric to sign
a prenup and Ari causes a scene with
Amanda Daniels but turns out she didn't
leak the tapes either and now his wife
was pissed at him again in fact he's
planning a great surprise party for her
birthday but she doesn't show and says
that she wants to separate which
destroys Ari's world speaking of
destroyed worlds Vince was on his best
bender yet he crashes a party gets
punched by Eminem and then is under
arrest Eric and Scott start their own
management company Sloan and Eric broke
up apparently because of the prenup
issue and Vince is out of rehab they
busted a bunch of hot sober girls for a
totally sober party but Vince is like
look I went on one extended coke binge I
can still drink a beer unfortunately
turtle was trying to hide his weed so he
ends up burning the house down Ari's
wife starts seeing someone else and
Lloyd thinks it may be this waiter so
Ari ruins his acting career Eric's
moving his stuff out of Sloane's house
and they end up having breakup sex
happens a lot with this guy while in
rehab then said a terrible idea to do a
movie about trapped miners it would make
a good TV movie though for drama to do
so they get Billy Washington
right Johnny's bananas is doing great
they've got Andrew Dice Clay as his
co-star and the test scores are through
the roof Ari's wife was not banging the
waiter by the way she was banging the
owner of the restaurant super chef bobby
flay solo he tries to set ari up with
his hairstylist nice or something
Turtles girlfriend is the face of Avion
which is doing great but he can't get
her on the phone now that's Turtles turn
to get fired and dumped at the same time
so he sells inside the own stock and
wants to start his own business venture
Andrew Dice Clay wants to go on strike
and hold out for more money but they
replace him immediately all right rise
the date with Lloyds hairstyle is nice
but he's not feeling it instead he bangs
Dana Gordon with whom he said 20 years
of pent-up sexual tension in rehab Vince
REE meets the director who stood him up
on that other movie he wants to work
together now but instead he does coke
and then kills himself in the bathroom
so Vince has to take a drug test buddy
he smoked a joint the other day they try
a vinegar cleanse but that's not gonna
happen
ari takes Dana Gordon to Bobby Flay's
restaurant which is a hugely dick move
speaking of dicks Billy Walsh hooks VIN
stuff with their prosthetic one to help
him pass the drug test and it works
extremely well
the replacement on Johnny's bananas is
terrible so drama joins Andrew Dice Clay
on the strike and after a lot of
unnecessary tension it works out and
they get paid Vince has an interview
with the hot journalist played by Alice
Eve and he basically flirts with her the
whole time so he goes in for a second
interview where he hits on her again
Sloan's ex-stepmother Miranda meets with
E to have him represent her but they end
up having drinks and then having sex the
article comes out saying Vince is a huge
womanizer and to prove her wrong Vince
makes a documentary of all the women
he's banged and how much they enjoyed it
Turtles new business is to bring a New
York restaurant to LA but he finds out
Mark Cuban went public with a belin and
he could have made millions of dollars
luckily Vince was too lazy to ever sell
the stock so now Turtles millionaire
he's still banging Sloan's ex-stepmother
and they English Sloan on a date but
Sloan tells me that she's pregnant with
his kid and she's moving to New York to
get away from him of course he's gonna
go follow her apparently the journalists
like Vince's video so much that now
they're getting married in Paris tonight
so Vince goes to invite Sloan with
wedding and also convince her that E is
a really good guy and she should get
back together with him ari and Dean and
Gordon have a beautiful romance I cannot
last because he loves his wife so he
quits his job and he runs home with a
grand romantic gesture and they get back
together so they're flying to Paris for
Vince's apparent wedding and Mintz did
convince Sloan to come and she'd get
back together and that's of the series
ends with them flying dual private jets
off into the sunset